Table of Contents Introduction Generic base images UT CMP's CI/CD pipeline with UT Austin GitHub Application development methodology Secure deployments required Introduction While initially designed as a replacement for PyPE and DEM platforms, UT CMP is a multi-language application platform, supporting Python, Java, PHP, and other languages as identified and requested by the UT developer community, and approved by the Information Security Office (ISO). The platform was designed with security as its h i g h e s t priority. Developer experience, including incorporating the twelve-factor app methodology, is a close second. What does all this mean? In sum, many of the practices teams had followed with other platforms can no longer be used. Generic base images UT CMP is a multi-language platform and, as such, any base image that UT CMP supplies to developers will be more generic than what was provided in PyPE. This shift means that Python app developers have the control and responsibility

of importing and updating libraries that previously were bundled automatically with PyPE toolsets. For more information, refer to Base images. UT CMP's CI/CD pipeline with UT Austin GitHub Learn more about the UT CMP Deployment Model. Application development methodology Developers now have more control to include only packages that they use, and it opens the door for teams to make changes such as easily using Flask instead of Django for their web framework, or upgrading their Django version without having to wait for the central team to update the base image. This design was in part influenced by the Twelve-Factor App methodology, a set of best practices designed to enable applications to be built with portability and resilience when deployed to the web. A twelve-factor app does not rely on the implicit existence of system-wide packages; instead, it declares all dependencies, completely and exactly, for explicit control of the code being developed. This methodology was, in part,

followed because the Information Security Office (ISO) recommends that no code is deployed that includes unused dependencies. When an application is deployed with code you are not aware of and do not use, it creates security vulnerabilities. By removing all packages except what is explicitly required in UT CMP images, developers have more control over what they deploy and are responsible only for what they choose to include. Secure deployments required One of the advantages of containerized deployments is that developers have more control over the process of building an image containing their code. This allows the application platform to take an agnostic approach to deployments, and gives development teams more options in terms of tools, practices, etc. In essence, developers build a valid image and the infrastructure runs that image, which is a divergence from platforms like PyPE. While this approach allows developers much latitude, it also means there needs to be processes in place

to ensure deployments are free of security vulnerabilities. During the build and deployment process, UT CMP scans images for security vulnerabilities and will deny deployments that exceed ISO security thresholds. This means development teams need to update dependencies and base images to safe versions - and they must do this more frequently than they might have in the past. The UT CMP team is developing processes to actively scan images that are used in current deployments. They will notify development groups of vulnerabilities and give a grace period to amend the code. As the service matures, so will these processes and checks.Search UT CMP Documentation Service Links UT CMP Rancher UT CMP Harbor UT GitHub UT Backstage UT Splunk CMP Dashboard Request to Onboard GitHub Org to UT CMP Subscribe to utcmp-users Get Help Create a Support Ticket via Email Virtual Office Hours channel UT CMP Developers Microsoft Team Sign up for UT CMP Trainings on UTLearn Additional UT CMP Support info

SERVICE STATUS Planned Maintenance (View UT CMP Maintenance Events) Disruptive: Mon. - Thurs., 8 PM - Midnight Non -Disruptive: Mon. - Thurs., 8 AM - 5 PM Alerts and Outages Section Content Overview How UT CMP is different from past University application platforms UT CMP Deployment Model Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCDR)How UT CMP is different from past University application platforms Search

Table of Contents Introduction What you need to know to use the service Interacting with UT CMP How to use the UT CMP documentation Introduction The UT Container Management Platform (UT CMP) service, built as a result of the 2021-2022 Next Generation Platform (NGP) Project, is an on-premise application deployment and hosting platform for university applications. UT CMP was designed to provide the equivalent functionality of PyPE (Python Production Environment) in a modern, secure, and reliable environment using the Kubernetes-based platform, Rancher. What you need to know to use the service To use UT CMP, you or someone in your department will need to know how to: containerize an application using Docker (a.k.a. Dockerize) use GitHub (and have a UT Austin enterprise GitHub organization account and repository) manage Active Directory (AD) groups use Splunk to view/filter logs build applications that follow the university's secure development and related IT policies, procedures, and

guidelines Interacting with UT CMP Developers will interact primarily with UT CMP through their local development and GitHub; they can log in to Rancher and Harbor to view images and logs, and Backstage is a "single pane of glass" into deployments. Developer access to UT CMP is managed through AD groups that contain the EIDs of developers who are authorized to deploy to the staging and/or production project spaces in Rancher. Another AD group is required to access the UT CMP logs in Splunk. How to use the UT CMP documentation The UT CMP Getting Started section provides detailed, step-by-step instructions for how containerize your application, sign up for UT CMP, set up your GitHub organization and repositories to use UT CMP, and to deploy an application. The UT CMP Service Management section provides documentation about managing various aspects of the deployment and interacting with UT CMP components for the continued support of your applications. The UT CMP Troubleshooting section is

a collection of troubleshooting tips and tricks compiled by the UT developer community and the service team. Refer to the UT CMP Training and Resources section to learn more about the tools that comprise UT CMP. Learn how to add pages, update pages, or tag pages that need updates to documentation in UT CMP Wiki Tools. Visit UT CMP Service Announcements and Maintenance Events for a history of maintenance for the service.Search UT CMP Documentation Service Links UT CMP Rancher UT CMP Harbor UT GitHub UT Backstage UT Splunk CMP Dashboard Request to Onboard GitHub Org to UT CMP Subscribe to utcmp-users Get Help Create a Support Ticket via Email Virtual Office Hours channel UT CMP Developers Microsoft Team Sign up for UT CMP Trainings on UTLearn Additional UT CMP Support info SERVICE STATUS Planned Maintenance (View UT CMP Maintenance Events) Disruptive: Mon. - Thurs., 8 PM - Midnight Non -Disruptive: Mon. - Thurs., 8 AM - 5 PM Alerts and Outages Section Content Overview How UT CMP is

different from past University application platforms UT CMP Deployment Model Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCDR)O v e r v i e w Search

